val_Spatial_Reasoning_1 dog,surfboard
val_Spatial_Reasoning_2 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_3 laptop,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_4 zebra,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_5 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_6 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_7 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_8 zebra,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_9 motorcycle,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_10 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_11 train,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_12 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_13 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_14 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_15 refrigerator,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_16 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_17 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_18 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_19 bench,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_20 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_21 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_22 laptop,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_23 laptop,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_24 train,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_25 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_26 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_27 laptop,handbag
val_Spatial_Reasoning_28 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_29 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_30 chair,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_31 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_32 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_33 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_34 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_35 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_36 motorcycle,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_37 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_38 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_39 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_40 train,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_41 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_42 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_43 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_44 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_45 train,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_46 train,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_47 refrigerator,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_48 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_49 motorcycle,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_50 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_51 chair,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_52 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_53 chair,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_54 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_55 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_56 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_57 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_58 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_59 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_60 bench,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_61 train,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_62 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_63 refrigerator,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_64 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_65 bench,refrigerator
val_Spatial_Reasoning_66 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_67 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_68 laptop,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_69 dog,surfboard
val_Spatial_Reasoning_70 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_71 surfboard,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_72 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_73 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_74 bench,refrigerator
val_Spatial_Reasoning_75 bench,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_76 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_77 refrigerator,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_78 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_79 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_80 wine glass,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_81 motorcycle,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_82 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_83 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_84 laptop,refrigerator
val_Spatial_Reasoning_85 laptop,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_86 bench,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_87 zebra,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_88 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_89 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_90 bench,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_91 train,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_92 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_93 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_94 dog,refrigerator
val_Spatial_Reasoning_95 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_96 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_97 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_98 train,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_99 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_100 refrigerator,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_101 refrigerator,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_102 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_103 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_104 train,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_105 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_106 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_107 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_108 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_109 train,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_110 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_111 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_112 train,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_113 zebra,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_114 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_115 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_116 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_117 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_118 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_119 chair,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_120 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_121 zebra,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_122 laptop,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_123 laptop,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_124 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_125 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_126 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_127 bench,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_128 laptop,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_129 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_130 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_131 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_132 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_133 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_134 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_135 surfboard,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_136 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_137 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_138 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_139 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_140 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_141 motorcycle,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_142 train,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_143 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_144 wine glass,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_145 skateboard,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_146 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_147 motorcycle,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_148 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_149 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_150 dog,frisbee
val_Spatial_Reasoning_151 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_152 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_153 laptop,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_154 laptop,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_155 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_156 train,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_157 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_158 chair,handbag
val_Spatial_Reasoning_159 train,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_160 zebra,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_161 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_162 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_163 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_164 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_165 dog,wine glass
val_Spatial_Reasoning_166 laptop,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_167 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_168 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_169 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_170 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_171 dog,surfboard
val_Spatial_Reasoning_172 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_173 refrigerator,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_174 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_175 laptop,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_176 refrigerator,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_177 refrigerator,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_178 chair,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_179 bench,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_180 bench,refrigerator
val_Spatial_Reasoning_181 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_182 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_183 zebra,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_184 laptop,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_185 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_186 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_187 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_188 train,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_189 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_190 bench,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_191 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_192 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_193 skateboard,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_194 skateboard,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_195 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_196 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_197 bench,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_198 dog,handbag
val_Spatial_Reasoning_199 refrigerator,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_200 laptop,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_201 dog,handbag
val_Spatial_Reasoning_202 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_203 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_204 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_205 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_206 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_207 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_208 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_209 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_210 dog,surfboard
val_Spatial_Reasoning_211 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_212 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_213 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_214 laptop,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_215 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_216 train,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_217 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_218 refrigerator,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_219 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_220 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_221 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_222 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_223 train,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_224 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_225 train,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_226 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_227 laptop,refrigerator
val_Spatial_Reasoning_228 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_229 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_230 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_231 motorcycle,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_232 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_233 bench,refrigerator
val_Spatial_Reasoning_234 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_235 bench,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_236 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_237 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_238 refrigerator,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_239 bench,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_240 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_241 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_242 train,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_243 laptop,refrigerator
val_Spatial_Reasoning_244 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_245 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_246 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_247 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_248 train,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_249 train,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_250 refrigerator,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_251 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_252 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_253 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_254 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_255 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_256 laptop,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_257 dog,frisbee
val_Spatial_Reasoning_258 chair,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_259 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_260 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_261 bench,handbag
val_Spatial_Reasoning_262 laptop,refrigerator
val_Spatial_Reasoning_263 train,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_264 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_265 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_266 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_267 bench,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_268 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_269 laptop,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_270 bench,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_271 chair,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_272 train,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_273 bench,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_274 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_275 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_276 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_277 train,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_278 dog,wine glass
val_Spatial_Reasoning_279 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_280 train,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_281 bench,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_282 bench,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_283 train,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_284 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_285 laptop,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_286 chair,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_287 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_288 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_289 laptop,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_290 laptop,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_291 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_292 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_293 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_294 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_295 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_296 chair,handbag
val_Spatial_Reasoning_297 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_298 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_299 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_300 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_301 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_302 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_303 refrigerator,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_304 dog,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_305 refrigerator,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_306 laptop,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_307 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_308 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_309 train,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_310 train,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_311 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_312 refrigerator,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_313 chair,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_314 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_315 bench,handbag
val_Spatial_Reasoning_316 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_317 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_318 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_319 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_320 skateboard,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_321 bench,refrigerator
val_Spatial_Reasoning_322 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_323 motorcycle,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_324 dog,motorcycle
val_Spatial_Reasoning_325 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_326 motorcycle,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_327 dog,laptop
val_Spatial_Reasoning_328 dog,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_329 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_330 bench,train
val_Spatial_Reasoning_331 laptop,handbag
val_Spatial_Reasoning_332 laptop,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_333 train,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_334 refrigerator,bench
val_Spatial_Reasoning_335 train,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_336 dog,chair
val_Spatial_Reasoning_337 motorcycle,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_338 chair,horse
val_Spatial_Reasoning_339 chair,dog
val_Spatial_Reasoning_340 dog,laptop
